issues.md, before:

# Issues Template

Below is the template for opening issues in this Github repo. These requirements are necessary when creating an issue. Otherwise, your issue will be closed and you'll have to open another one following this template.

## Format

### Expected Behavior

Let us know what the expected behavior should be pertaining to your issue.

> Ultrasound should open the image picker to select a new cover image for your profile.

### Actual Behavior

Let us know what the actual behavior that is occuring pertaining to your issue.

> The image picker doesn't open when selecting to change your cover image.

### Steps To Reproduce Problem

Let us know the steps necessary to reproduce the issue you are experiencing.

> 1. Login to the app
> 1. Select your username
> 1. Create your profile
> 1. Choose to select a new cover image

### Versions

List the specific versions you are using when experiencing your issue.

> * React: 16.3.0
> * React Native: 0.54.0
> * Ultrasound: 1.0.0

### Additional Details

Give us any additional details that may be of use in resolving your issue, i.e. logs, screenshots, etc. These aren't necessarily required, but always encouraged to be provided.

Commit message:

Update GitHub labels (#4)
* [`c8b7160`] updated stand up docs to contain new sections

* [`f952602`] added labels that are on Github

issues.md, after:

# Issues Template

Below is the template for opening issues in this Github repo. These requirements are necessary when creating an issue. Otherwise, your issue will be closed and you'll have to open another one following this template.

## Format

### Expected Behavior

Let us know what the expected behavior should be pertaining to your issue.

> Ultrasound should open the image picker to select a new cover image for your profile.

### Actual Behavior

Let us know what the actual behavior that is occuring pertaining to your issue.

> The image picker doesn't open when selecting to change your cover image.

### Steps To Reproduce Problem

Let us know the steps necessary to reproduce the issue you are experiencing.

> 1. Login to the app
> 1. Select your username
> 1. Create your profile
> 1. Choose to select a new cover image

### Versions

List the specific versions you are using when experiencing your issue.

> * React: 16.3.0
> * React Native: 0.54.0
> * Ultrasound: 1.0.0

### Labels

Apply any of the labels that describe your issue.

| Label | Color | Description |
|-|-|-|
| Archive | ![#fef2c0](https://placehold.it/50/fef2c0/000000?text=+) | Pertains to an archive |
| Bug | ![#ee0701](https://placehold.it/50/ee0701/000000?text=+) | Something isn't working |
| Duplicate | ![#cccccc](https://placehold.it/50/cccccc/000000?text=+) | This issue or pull request already exists |
| Enhancement | ![#84b6eb](https://placehold.it/50/84b6eb/000000?text=+) | New feature or request |
| Epic | ![#3E4B9E](https://placehold.it/50/3E4B9E/000000?text=+) | Pertains to an Epic |
| Good First Issue | ![#7057ff](https://placehold.it/50/7057ff/000000?text=+) | Good for newcomers |
| Help Wanted | ![#33aa3f](https://placehold.it/50/33aa3f/000000?text=+) | Extra attention is needed |
| Invalid | ![#e6e6e6](https://placehold.it/50/e6e6e6/000000?text=+) | This doesn't seem right |
| Question | ![#cc317c](https://placehold.it/50/cc317c/000000?text=+) | Further information is required |
| Release | ![#a0f49a](https://placehold.it/50/a0f49a/000000?text=+) | Pertains to a release |
| WIP | ![#c2e0c6](https://placehold.it/50/c2e0c6/000000?text=+) | This issue or pull request is a work in progress |
| Won't Fix | ![#ffffff](https://placehold.it/50/ffffff/000000?text=+) | This will not be worked on |

### Additional Details

Give us any additional details that may be of use in resolving your issue, i.e. logs, screenshots, etc. These aren't necessarily required, but always encouraged to be provided.
