standups.md, before:

# Daily Stand-Ups Template

Below is the template for how to conduct daily stand ups between all teams within the company.

## Format

We want to keep these short and sweet, so we are really going to just answer these 3 questions:

* **What did you work on yesterday?**
* **What will you work on today?**
* **What issues did you experience yesterday, and are there any issues blocking you from moving forward today?**

---

### *What did you work on yesterday?*

Let us know what specific goals you accomplished yesterday, i.e. goals, cards, issues, etc.

> "I worked on the presentation for the meeting."

> "I worked on the player slider in a live session."

---

### *What will you work on today?*

Let us know what goals/cards/issues you would like to accomplish by day's end.

> "I'm going to put together the roles and responsibilities for new hires."

> "I will continue to work on the player slider because I am still not done with it."

---

### *What issues did you experience yesterday, and are there any issues blocking you from moving forward today?*

Let us know what issues, if any, you experienced yesterday, as well as any issues you currently have that aren't allowing you to accomplish your goals for the day.

> "There were no issues yesterday, and there are currently no issues blocking me."

> "One issue I experienced yesterday was the player slider time being reset when you would pause the currently playing track. I've come up with a solution since then with seemingly no issues blocking me for today."

Commit message:

updated stand up docs to contain new sections

standups.md, after:

# Daily Stand-Ups Template

Below is the template for how to conduct daily stand ups between all teams within the company.

## Format

We want to keep these short and sweet, so we are really going to just answer these 3 questions:

* **What did you work on yesterday?**
* **What will you work on today?**
* **What issues did you experience yesterday, and are there any issues blocking you from moving forward today?**

---

### Stand Up

#### *What did you work on yesterday?*

Let us know what specific goals you accomplished yesterday, i.e. goals, cards, issues, etc.

> "I worked on the presentation for the meeting."

> "I worked on the player slider in a live session."

#### *What will you work on today?*

Let us know what goals/cards/issues you would like to accomplish by day's end.

> "I'm going to put together the roles and responsibilities for new hires."

> "I will continue to work on the player slider because I am still not done with it."

#### *What issues did you experience yesterday, and are there any issues blocking you from moving forward today?*

Let us know what issues, if any, you experienced yesterday, as well as any issues you currently have that aren't allowing you to accomplish your goals for the day.

> "There were no issues yesterday, and there are currently no issues blocking me."

> "One issue I experienced yesterday was the player slider time being reset when you would pause the currently playing track. I've come up with a solution since then with seemingly no issues blocking me for today."

---

### Commits Pushed

With this section, you will include any commits you pushed during the work day. These should include the commit hash, a link to the commit, the number of files changed, the number of additions, and the number of deletions.

> `abc1234` **(** *1 file* **|** *100+* **|** *100-* **)**

---

### Review

The last section of the stand ups will just be a review outlining all the work that was completed for the day. This should include the total number of commits pushed, the total number of files changed, the total number of additions, and the total number of deletions.

> *1 commit(s)* **|** *1 file(s)* **|** *100+* **|** *100-*
