trello.md, before:

# Trello Cards Template

**_For Internal Purposes Only_**

Below is the template for creating and managing cards on Trello. The template contains information on how to create, move, edit, and archive a card within Trello as well as how to suggest improvements to the template itself.

## Table of Contents

1. Creating a card
1. Moving a card
1. Editing a card
1. Archiving a card
1. Improvements

---

### Creating a card

#### Title *(Required)*

Give a title that gives a general idea as to what the card pertains to, i.e. a new feature, a problem, a presentation, etc.

> Outreach

> Live Session Track Slider

> Shirt Designs

> Shut Down Rancher Process

> Equity Incentive Plan

#### Description *(Required)*

Provide a detailed description with the necessary information needed to work on the card. The more descriptive you are here, the better! The scrum value should be the first thing as well in the format of `(MM/DD) Scrum Value = value` if the card is a task. If the card is an epic or story, the scrum value is not necessary Apply the value based on the Fibonacci sequence, comparing the card to other cards to know where you should classify the task. If the value has to be updated, don't delete the old ones listed, and instead, write the new value above the older ones, crossing out the older assessments.

> (12/21) **Scrum Value = 13**
>
> Designing and filing for a trademark that will establish 'marks' to distinguish our brand.

> (3/27) **Scrum Value = 5**
>
> ~~(3/25) **Scrum Value = 8**~~
>
> Implement a nested FlatList in the footer component for the live session's VirtualizedList containing the first 3 tracks in the more to play of the session.

> (4/6) **Scrum Value = 5**
>
> Looking to make standing connections to sell merchandise.

> (7/23) **Scrum Value = 3**
>
> Add the functionality to save music to the current user's Spotify library.

#### Members *(Optional)*

Select all of the team members who need to be apart of the card.

#### Labels *(Optional)*

Select the necessary labels that apply to the card you're creating. These may vary between the different boards on Trello.

##### Boards

###### App Development

| Label | Color | Description |
|-|-|-|
| Blocked | ![#F1D52F](https://placehold.it/50/F1D52F/000000?text=+) | There is currently something blocking progress on the card. |
| Help Wanted | ![#FDAA54](https://placehold.it/50/FDAA54/000000?text=+) | Members of the card need help to make progress. |
| Question | ![#C27ADE](https://placehold.it/50/C27ADE/000000?text=+) | Members of the card have a question concerning the requirements. |
| Won't Do | ![#4D4D4D](https://placehold.it/50/4D4D4D/000000?text=+) | Members of the card won't work on this. |

###### Business Dev

| Label | Color | Description |
|-|-|-|
| Closed | ![#64bc55](https://placehold.it/50/64bc55/000000?text=+) | The goal of the card has been completed. |
| Open | ![#FDAA54](https://placehold.it/50/FDAA54/000000?text=+) | The card is open and still in progress. |
| Immediate | ![#E95B4B](https://placehold.it/50/E95B4B/000000?text=+) | The card requires immediate attention. |

###### Data Analysis

| Label | Color | Description |
|-|-|-|
| Services | ![#F1D52F](https://placehold.it/50/F1D52F/000000?text=+) | The card pertains to services for data analysis. |
| Deployment | ![#58E79A](https://placehold.it/50/58E79A/000000?text=+) | The card pertains to deployment of data analysis services. |

###### Design

This board currently has no labels. If you think it should, suggest some!

###### Dev Workboard

| Label | Color | Description |
|-|-|-|
| Blocked | ![#F1D52F](https://placehold.it/50/F1D52F/000000?text=+) | There is currently something blocking progress on the card. |
| Help Wanted | ![#FDAA54](https://placehold.it/50/FDAA54/000000?text=+) | Members of the card need help to make progress. |
| Question | ![#C27ADE](https://placehold.it/50/C27ADE/000000?text=+) | Members of the card have a question concerning the requirements. |
| Enhancement | ![#117ABD](https://placehold.it/50/117ABD/000000?text=+) | The card contains an enhancement to Ultrasound. |
| Bug | ![#4D4D4D](https://placehold.it/50/4D4D4D/000000?text=+) | The card is concerning a bug found on Ultrasound. |
| Research | ![#20C2DE](https://placehold.it/50/20C2DE/000000?text=+) | The card is strictly for research purposes and nothing more. |
| Documentation | ![#FD7BCA](https://placehold.it/50/FD7BCA/000000?text=+) | The card asks for creation of new docs or updates to existing docs. |

###### Infrastructure

| Label | Color | Description |
|-|-|-|
| Ready For Dev | ![#64bc55](https://placehold.it/50/64bc55/000000?text=+) | The card is ready to be worked on with nothing blocking progress. |
| Not Ready For Dev | ![#F1D52F](https://placehold.it/50/F1D52F/000000?text=+) | There is currently something blocking progress on the card. |
| Awaiting Approval | ![#FDAA54](https://placehold.it/50/FDAA54/000000?text=+) | The card is awaiting approval in order to be able to move on. |
| Overdue | ![#E95B4B](https://placehold.it/50/E95B4B/000000?text=+) | The card has not been completed by the original set due date. |
| Question | ![#C27ADE](https://placehold.it/50/C27ADE/000000?text=+) | Members of the card have a question concerning the requirements. |
| Enhancement | ![#117ABD](https://placehold.it/50/117ABD/000000?text=+) | The card contains an enhancement to Ultrasound. |

###### Legal

| Label | Color | Description |
|-|-|-|
| Approved | ![#64bc55](https://placehold.it/50/64bc55/000000?text=+) | The content in the card has been approved. |
| Waiting For Lawyer Feedback | ![#F1D52F](https://placehold.it/50/F1D52F/000000?text=+) | This card is waiting on lawyer feedback to continue. |
| In Internal Review | ![#FDAA54](https://placehold.it/50/FDAA54/000000?text=+) | This card is currently in internal review. |
| Meeting Scheduled | ![#C27ADE](https://placehold.it/50/C27ADE/000000?text=+) | This card pertains to a meeting being scheduled with the lawyers. |
| Filed Awaiting Feedback From Feds | ![#117ABD](https://placehold.it/50/117ABD/000000?text=+) | This card contains something that's been filed internally and is awaiting feedback from the Federal Gov't. |

###### Marketing

| Label | Color | Description |
|-|-|-|
| On Going | ![#64bc55](https://placehold.it/50/64bc55/000000?text=+) | This card is still on going. |
| Very Promising | ![#F1D52F](https://placehold.it/50/F1D52F/000000?text=+) | This card contains a promising lead. |
| In Need Of Resources | ![#FDAA54](https://placehold.it/50/FDAA54/000000?text=+) | This card is in need or resources in order to continue. |
| Immediate Action | ![#E95B4B](https://placehold.it/50/E95B4B/000000?text=+) | This card requires immediate action. |
| Get In Touch | ![#117ABD](https://placehold.it/50/117ABD/000000?text=+) | This card pertains to getting in touch with an individual/group. |

###### Services

| Label | Color | Description |
|-|-|-|
| Ready For Dev | ![#64bc55](https://placehold.it/50/64bc55/000000?text=+) | The card is ready to be worked on with nothing blocking progress. |
| Not Ready For Dev | ![#F1D52F](https://placehold.it/50/F1D52F/000000?text=+) | There is currently something blocking progress on the card. |
| Help Wanted | ![#FDAA54](https://placehold.it/50/FDAA54/000000?text=+) | Members of the card need help to make progress. |
| Overdue | ![#E95B4B](https://placehold.it/50/E95B4B/000000?text=+) | The card has not been completed by the original set due date. |
| Question | ![#C27ADE](https://placehold.it/50/C27ADE/000000?text=+) | Members of the card have a question concerning the requirements. |
| Enhancement | ![#117ABD](https://placehold.it/50/117ABD/000000?text=+) | The card contains an enhancement to Ultrasound. |
| Bug | ![#4D4D4D](https://placehold.it/50/4D4D4D/000000?text=+) | The card is concerning a bug found on Ultrasound. |

###### User Testing

This board currently has no labels. If you think it should, suggest some!

##### Checklists

Provide a checklist if appropriate for the card you're creating. If the checklist is apart of a story, be sure to put the scrum value of the task after the title.

> **Advisors**
>
> * [x] Get in contact with John Doe - **(7/2) Scrum Value = 1**
> * [x] Schedule meeting - **(7/2) Scrum Value = 1**
> * [ ] Report outcome of call - **(7/2) Scrum Value = 1**

> **Components**
>
> * [x] Meeting with John to lay the foundation - **(6/23) Scrum Value = 3**
> * [ ] Option agreements - **(6/23) Scrum Value = 3**
> * [ ] Finalize cap table - **(6/25) Scrum Value = 5**

> **Capabilities**
>
> * [ ] Update current track progress - **(10/21) Scrum Value = 3**
> * [ ] Seek to new progress - **(10/21) Scrum Value = 5**
> * [ ] On done playing track event - **(10/23) Scrum Value = 3**

#### Due Dates *(Optional)*

Due dates will be assigned at the Trello grooming sessions every other Monday. The due dates are calculated using the velocity from the previous sprint. Sprints are generally 2 weeks long, starting on a Monday and ending on a Saturday.

#### Attachments *(Optional)*

Provide any attachments that are necessary or relevant to the card you're creating on Trello. The types of attachments are as follows:

##### Computer

An attachment that is saved on your computer that is relevant to the card you're creating.

##### Trello

An attachment that is a Trello card or board. Generally you will use this when a Trello card/board elsewhere is relevant to the card you're creating.

##### Google Drive

An attachment that is on Google Drive that is relevant to the card you're creating.

##### Dropbox

An attachment that is on Dropbox that is relevant to the card you're creating.

##### Box

An attachment that is on Box that is relevant to the card you're creating.

##### OneDrive

An attachment that is on OneDrive that is relevant to the card you're creating.

##### Link

If you need to attach something that isn't any of the types above, provide a link to the attachment. This can be anything from a link to an article to a video on Youtube that is relevant to the card you're creating.

#### Power-Ups *(Optional)*

Use the power ups when appropriate for the card you're creating. The types of power-ups you can use are as follows:

##### Github

| Action | Description |
|-|-|
| Attach Branch | The card pertains to a branch on the Ultrasound repo. |
| Attach Commit | Any Github commits that pertain to the card you're creating. |
| Attach Issue | Any Github issues that pertain to the card you're creating. |
| Attach Pull Request | Any Github PRs that pertain to the card you're creating. |

##### Dropbox

| Action | Description |
|-|-|
| Attach a File | Any file that pertains to the card you're creating. |
| Attach a Folder | A whole folder that pertains to the card you're creating. |

##### Slack

| Action | Description |
|-|-|
| Send to channel | When you want to send the card to a specific channel in Slack. |
| Send via Direct Message | When you want to send the card in a direct message to a single person. |
| Attach conversation | When you want to attach a conversation from Slack that is relevant to the card you're creating. |
| Remind me about this card | Set a time to be reminded about the card in the Slack group. |
| Remind someone about this card | Set a time to remind someone in the Slack group about the card. |
| Remind channel about this card | Set a time to remind a whole channel in the Slack group about the card. |

---

### Moving a card

When moving a card between lanes, make sure it has completed the requirements of the lane you're moving the card to. The lanes and their significance varies between the boards. Epics and stories can only be moved from their respective lanes to *Done* when all of the subtasks have been completed.

#### Boards

##### App Development

| Lane | Purpose |
|-|-|
| Epics | Contains multiple stories which will take more than one sprint to complete. |
| Stories | Contains multiple tasks relating to one overarching task or functionality. |
| Backlog | This is where cards start on this board. Cards will generally be finite tasks to accomplish relating to a feature. |
| Selected for Development | These are the cards that have been selected for development for the current sprint. Do not put any cards here that haven't been selected for development. |
| In Progress | Any cards that the members are currently in progress on. |
| QA | Cards that are going through the QA process that is appropriate. |
| Done | Cards that are, for all intents and purpose, done with all of the requirements completed. |

> Epics and story cards are kept in *Backlog* until they are selected for development, where they will then reside in the *Epic* or *Stories* lane until all of the requirements have been met. Epics should be comprised of stories, with stories being comprised of different task cards which move from left to right on the board.

##### Business Dev

| Lane | Purpose |
|-|-|
| Backlog | This is where cards start on this board. |
| To Do | Cards that have been selected that need to get done. |
| In Progress | Any cards that the members are currently in progress on. |
| QA | Cards that are going through the QA process that is appropriate. |
| Done | Cards that are, for all intents and purposes, done with all of the requirements completed. |

##### Data Analysis *(Deprecated)*

| Lane | Purpose |
|-|-|
| Backlog | This is where cards start on this board. |
| Selected Work | Cards that have been selected for the current sprint. |
| In Progress | Any cards that the members are currently in progress on. |
| Done | Cards that are, for all intents and purposes, done with all of the requirements completed. |

##### Design

| Lane | Purpose |
|-|-|
| Epics | Contains multiple stories which will take more than one sprint to complete. |
| Stories | Contains multiple tasks relating to one overarching task or functionality. |
| Backlog | This is where cards start on this board. |
| To Do | Cards that have been selected that need to get done in the current sprint. |
| In Progress | Any cards that the members are currently in progress on. |
| QA | Cards that are going through the QA process that is appropriate. |
| Done | Cards that are, for all intents and purposes, done with all of the requirements completed. |

##### Dev Workboard

| Lane | Purpose |
|-|-|
| Epics | Contains multiple stories which will take more than one sprint to complete. |
| Stories | Contains multiple tasks relating to one overarching task or functionality. |
| Backlog | This is where cards start on this board. |
| Selected for Development | Cards that been selected for development during the current sprint. |
| In Progress | Any cards that the members are currently in progress on. |
| QA | Cards that are going through the QA process that is appropriate. |
| Done | Cards that are, for all intents and purposes, done with all of the requirements completed. |

> Epics and story cards are kept in *Backlog* until they are selected for development, where they will then reside in the *Epic* or *Stories* lane until all of the requirements have been met. Epics should be comprised of stories, with stories being comprised of different task cards which move from left to right on the board.

##### Infrastructure

| Lane | Purpose |
|-|-|
| Backlog | This is where cards start on this board. |
| Sprint Work | Cards that have been selected for the current sprint. |
| In Progress Dev | Any cards that the members are currently in progress on. |
| Dev | Any cards that are currently awaiting to be pushed to staging from dev. |
| In Progress Staging | Cards that are currently being tested in staging. |
| In Progress Production | Cards that are currently being tested in production. |
| Done - Dev | Cards that are finished with development. |

##### Legal

| Lane | Purpose |
|-|-|
| Issues | This is where cards start on this board. |
| To Do | Cards that have been selected that need to get done in the current sprint. |
| In Progress | Any cards that the members are currently in progress on. |
| Done | Cards that are, for all intents and purposes, done with all of the requirements completed. |

##### Marketing

| Lane | Purpose |
|-|-|
| Ideas | This is where cards start on this board. Generally marketing ideas that need to be talked through and researched more to see how viable it is. |
| Leads | Any cards that have solid leads into how to achieve the goals of the card. |
| To Do | Cards that have been selected that need to get done in the current sprint. |
| In Progress | Any cards that the members are currently in progress on. |
| Done | Cards that are, for all intents and purposes, done with all of the requirements completed. |

##### Services

| Lane | Purpose |
|-|-|
| Backlog | This is where cards start on this board. |
| Sprint Work | Cards that have been selected for the current sprint. |
| In Progress | Any cards that the members are currently in progress on. |
| QA | Cards that are going through the QA process that is appropriate. |
| Done | Cards that are, for all intents and purposes, done with all of the requirements completed. |

##### User Testing

| Lane | Purpose |
|-|-|
| Backlog | This is where cards start on this board. |
| To Do | Cards that have been selected that need to get done in the current sprint. |
| In Progress | Any cards that the members are currently in progress on. |
| Done | Cards that are, for all intents and purposes, done with all of the requirements completed. |

---

### Editing a card

When editing a card, be sure to not make any unnecessary edits to the card. The most common edit that will be made to cards will be in the way of adding comments. These comments can include anything from a normal conversation relating to the card to any issues the members are currently experiencing on the card itself. If that's the case, please provide any additional information, whether it be screenshots, files, etc.

---

### Archiving a card

When archiving a card in any of the boards, make sure the card was completed and has had no activity for at least a month. Make sure not to actually delete the card and to only archive it.

---

### Improvements

If you see an area that can be improved upon, contact the team members in the specific board and suggest what you think could be improved. If you want to suggest an improvement to the template, contact any of the team leads to talk through the proposed changes.

Commit message:

moved lane and edited archiving info

trello.md, after:

# Trello Cards Template

**_For Internal Purposes Only_**

Below is the template for creating and managing cards on Trello. The template contains information on how to create, move, edit, and archive a card within Trello as well as how to suggest improvements to the template itself.

## Table of Contents

1. Creating a card
1. Moving a card
1. Editing a card
1. Archiving a card
1. Improvements

---

### Creating a card

#### Title *(Required)*

Give a title that gives a general idea as to what the card pertains to, i.e. a new feature, a problem, a presentation, etc.

> Outreach

> Live Session Track Slider

> Shirt Designs

> Shut Down Rancher Process

> Equity Incentive Plan

#### Description *(Required)*

Provide a detailed description with the necessary information needed to work on the card. The more descriptive you are here, the better! The scrum value should be the first thing as well in the format of `(MM/DD) Scrum Value = value` if the card is a task. If the card is an epic or story, the scrum value is not necessary Apply the value based on the Fibonacci sequence, comparing the card to other cards to know where you should classify the task. If the value has to be updated, don't delete the old ones listed, and instead, write the new value above the older ones, crossing out the older assessments.

> (12/21) **Scrum Value = 13**
>
> Designing and filing for a trademark that will establish 'marks' to distinguish our brand.

> (3/27) **Scrum Value = 5**
>
> ~~(3/25) **Scrum Value = 8**~~
>
> Implement a nested FlatList in the footer component for the live session's VirtualizedList containing the first 3 tracks in the more to play of the session.

> (4/6) **Scrum Value = 5**
>
> Looking to make standing connections to sell merchandise.

> (7/23) **Scrum Value = 3**
>
> Add the functionality to save music to the current user's Spotify library.

#### Members *(Optional)*

Select all of the team members who need to be apart of the card.

#### Labels *(Optional)*

Select the necessary labels that apply to the card you're creating. These may vary between the different boards on Trello.

##### Boards

###### App Development

| Label | Color | Description |
|-|-|-|
| Blocked | ![#F1D52F](https://placehold.it/50/F1D52F/000000?text=+) | There is currently something blocking progress on the card. |
| Help Wanted | ![#FDAA54](https://placehold.it/50/FDAA54/000000?text=+) | Members of the card need help to make progress. |
| Question | ![#C27ADE](https://placehold.it/50/C27ADE/000000?text=+) | Members of the card have a question concerning the requirements. |
| Won't Do | ![#4D4D4D](https://placehold.it/50/4D4D4D/000000?text=+) | Members of the card won't work on this. |

###### Business Dev

| Label | Color | Description |
|-|-|-|
| Closed | ![#64bc55](https://placehold.it/50/64bc55/000000?text=+) | The goal of the card has been completed. |
| Open | ![#FDAA54](https://placehold.it/50/FDAA54/000000?text=+) | The card is open and still in progress. |
| Immediate | ![#E95B4B](https://placehold.it/50/E95B4B/000000?text=+) | The card requires immediate attention. |

###### Data Analysis

| Label | Color | Description |
|-|-|-|
| Services | ![#F1D52F](https://placehold.it/50/F1D52F/000000?text=+) | The card pertains to services for data analysis. |
| Deployment | ![#58E79A](https://placehold.it/50/58E79A/000000?text=+) | The card pertains to deployment of data analysis services. |

###### Design

This board currently has no labels. If you think it should, suggest some!

###### Dev Workboard

| Label | Color | Description |
|-|-|-|
| Blocked | ![#F1D52F](https://placehold.it/50/F1D52F/000000?text=+) | There is currently something blocking progress on the card. |
| Help Wanted | ![#FDAA54](https://placehold.it/50/FDAA54/000000?text=+) | Members of the card need help to make progress. |
| Question | ![#C27ADE](https://placehold.it/50/C27ADE/000000?text=+) | Members of the card have a question concerning the requirements. |
| Enhancement | ![#117ABD](https://placehold.it/50/117ABD/000000?text=+) | The card contains an enhancement to Ultrasound. |
| Bug | ![#4D4D4D](https://placehold.it/50/4D4D4D/000000?text=+) | The card is concerning a bug found on Ultrasound. |
| Research | ![#20C2DE](https://placehold.it/50/20C2DE/000000?text=+) | The card is strictly for research purposes and nothing more. |
| Documentation | ![#FD7BCA](https://placehold.it/50/FD7BCA/000000?text=+) | The card asks for creation of new docs or updates to existing docs. |

###### Infrastructure

| Label | Color | Description |
|-|-|-|
| Ready For Dev | ![#64bc55](https://placehold.it/50/64bc55/000000?text=+) | The card is ready to be worked on with nothing blocking progress. |
| Not Ready For Dev | ![#F1D52F](https://placehold.it/50/F1D52F/000000?text=+) | There is currently something blocking progress on the card. |
| Awaiting Approval | ![#FDAA54](https://placehold.it/50/FDAA54/000000?text=+) | The card is awaiting approval in order to be able to move on. |
| Overdue | ![#E95B4B](https://placehold.it/50/E95B4B/000000?text=+) | The card has not been completed by the original set due date. |
| Question | ![#C27ADE](https://placehold.it/50/C27ADE/000000?text=+) | Members of the card have a question concerning the requirements. |
| Enhancement | ![#117ABD](https://placehold.it/50/117ABD/000000?text=+) | The card contains an enhancement to Ultrasound. |

###### Legal

| Label | Color | Description |
|-|-|-|
| Approved | ![#64bc55](https://placehold.it/50/64bc55/000000?text=+) | The content in the card has been approved. |
| Waiting For Lawyer Feedback | ![#F1D52F](https://placehold.it/50/F1D52F/000000?text=+) | This card is waiting on lawyer feedback to continue. |
| In Internal Review | ![#FDAA54](https://placehold.it/50/FDAA54/000000?text=+) | This card is currently in internal review. |
| Meeting Scheduled | ![#C27ADE](https://placehold.it/50/C27ADE/000000?text=+) | This card pertains to a meeting being scheduled with the lawyers. |
| Filed Awaiting Feedback From Feds | ![#117ABD](https://placehold.it/50/117ABD/000000?text=+) | This card contains something that's been filed internally and is awaiting feedback from the Federal Gov't. |

###### Marketing

| Label | Color | Description |
|-|-|-|
| On Going | ![#64bc55](https://placehold.it/50/64bc55/000000?text=+) | This card is still on going. |
| Very Promising | ![#F1D52F](https://placehold.it/50/F1D52F/000000?text=+) | This card contains a promising lead. |
| In Need Of Resources | ![#FDAA54](https://placehold.it/50/FDAA54/000000?text=+) | This card is in need or resources in order to continue. |
| Immediate Action | ![#E95B4B](https://placehold.it/50/E95B4B/000000?text=+) | This card requires immediate action. |
| Get In Touch | ![#117ABD](https://placehold.it/50/117ABD/000000?text=+) | This card pertains to getting in touch with an individual/group. |

###### Services

| Label | Color | Description |
|-|-|-|
| Ready For Dev | ![#64bc55](https://placehold.it/50/64bc55/000000?text=+) | The card is ready to be worked on with nothing blocking progress. |
| Not Ready For Dev | ![#F1D52F](https://placehold.it/50/F1D52F/000000?text=+) | There is currently something blocking progress on the card. |
| Help Wanted | ![#FDAA54](https://placehold.it/50/FDAA54/000000?text=+) | Members of the card need help to make progress. |
| Overdue | ![#E95B4B](https://placehold.it/50/E95B4B/000000?text=+) | The card has not been completed by the original set due date. |
| Question | ![#C27ADE](https://placehold.it/50/C27ADE/000000?text=+) | Members of the card have a question concerning the requirements. |
| Enhancement | ![#117ABD](https://placehold.it/50/117ABD/000000?text=+) | The card contains an enhancement to Ultrasound. |
| Bug | ![#4D4D4D](https://placehold.it/50/4D4D4D/000000?text=+) | The card is concerning a bug found on Ultrasound. |

###### User Testing

This board currently has no labels. If you think it should, suggest some!

##### Checklists

Provide a checklist if appropriate for the card you're creating. If the checklist is apart of a story, be sure to put the scrum value of the task after the title.

> **Advisors**
>
> * [x] Get in contact with John Doe - **(7/2) Scrum Value = 1**
> * [x] Schedule meeting - **(7/2) Scrum Value = 1**
> * [ ] Report outcome of call - **(7/2) Scrum Value = 1**

> **Components**
>
> * [x] Meeting with John to lay the foundation - **(6/23) Scrum Value = 3**
> * [ ] Option agreements - **(6/23) Scrum Value = 3**
> * [ ] Finalize cap table - **(6/25) Scrum Value = 5**

> **Capabilities**
>
> * [ ] Update current track progress - **(10/21) Scrum Value = 3**
> * [ ] Seek to new progress - **(10/21) Scrum Value = 5**
> * [ ] On done playing track event - **(10/23) Scrum Value = 3**

#### Due Dates *(Optional)*

Due dates will be assigned at the Trello grooming sessions every other Monday. The due dates are calculated using the velocity from the previous sprint. Sprints are generally 2 weeks long, starting on a Monday and ending on a Saturday.

#### Attachments *(Optional)*

Provide any attachments that are necessary or relevant to the card you're creating on Trello. The types of attachments are as follows:

##### Computer

An attachment that is saved on your computer that is relevant to the card you're creating.

##### Trello

An attachment that is a Trello card or board. Generally you will use this when a Trello card/board elsewhere is relevant to the card you're creating.

##### Google Drive

An attachment that is on Google Drive that is relevant to the card you're creating.

##### Dropbox

An attachment that is on Dropbox that is relevant to the card you're creating.

##### Box

An attachment that is on Box that is relevant to the card you're creating.

##### OneDrive

An attachment that is on OneDrive that is relevant to the card you're creating.

##### Link

If you need to attach something that isn't any of the types above, provide a link to the attachment. This can be anything from a link to an article to a video on Youtube that is relevant to the card you're creating.

#### Power-Ups *(Optional)*

Use the power ups when appropriate for the card you're creating. The types of power-ups you can use are as follows:

##### Github

| Action | Description |
|-|-|
| Attach Branch | The card pertains to a branch on the Ultrasound repo. |
| Attach Commit | Any Github commits that pertain to the card you're creating. |
| Attach Issue | Any Github issues that pertain to the card you're creating. |
| Attach Pull Request | Any Github PRs that pertain to the card you're creating. |

##### Dropbox

| Action | Description |
|-|-|
| Attach a File | Any file that pertains to the card you're creating. |
| Attach a Folder | A whole folder that pertains to the card you're creating. |

##### Slack

| Action | Description |
|-|-|
| Send to channel | When you want to send the card to a specific channel in Slack. |
| Send via Direct Message | When you want to send the card in a direct message to a single person. |
| Attach conversation | When you want to attach a conversation from Slack that is relevant to the card you're creating. |
| Remind me about this card | Set a time to be reminded about the card in the Slack group. |
| Remind someone about this card | Set a time to remind someone in the Slack group about the card. |
| Remind channel about this card | Set a time to remind a whole channel in the Slack group about the card. |

---

### Moving a card

When moving a card between lanes, make sure it has completed the requirements of the lane you're moving the card to. The lanes and their significance varies between the boards. Epics and stories can only be moved from their respective lanes to *Done* when all of the subtasks have been completed.

#### Boards

##### App Development

| Lane | Purpose |
|-|-|
| Backlog | This is where cards start on this board. Cards will generally be finite tasks to accomplish relating to a feature. |
| Epics | Contains multiple stories which will take more than one sprint to complete. |
| Stories | Contains multiple tasks relating to one overarching task or functionality. |
| Selected for Development | These are the cards that have been selected for development for the current sprint. Do not put any cards here that haven't been selected for development. |
| In Progress | Any cards that the members are currently in progress on. |
| QA | Cards that are going through the QA process that is appropriate. |
| Done | Cards that are, for all intents and purpose, done with all of the requirements completed. |

> Epics and story cards are kept in *Backlog* until they are selected for development, where they will then reside in the *Epic* or *Stories* lane until all of the requirements have been met. Epics should be comprised of stories, with stories being comprised of different task cards which move from left to right on the board.

##### Business Dev

| Lane | Purpose |
|-|-|
| Backlog | This is where cards start on this board. |
| To Do | Cards that have been selected that need to get done. |
| In Progress | Any cards that the members are currently in progress on. |
| QA | Cards that are going through the QA process that is appropriate. |
| Done | Cards that are, for all intents and purposes, done with all of the requirements completed. |

##### Data Analysis *(Deprecated)*

| Lane | Purpose |
|-|-|
| Backlog | This is where cards start on this board. |
| Selected Work | Cards that have been selected for the current sprint. |
| In Progress | Any cards that the members are currently in progress on. |
| Done | Cards that are, for all intents and purposes, done with all of the requirements completed. |

##### Design

| Lane | Purpose |
|-|-|
| Epics | Contains multiple stories which will take more than one sprint to complete. |
| Stories | Contains multiple tasks relating to one overarching task or functionality. |
| Backlog | This is where cards start on this board. |
| To Do | Cards that have been selected that need to get done in the current sprint. |
| In Progress | Any cards that the members are currently in progress on. |
| QA | Cards that are going through the QA process that is appropriate. |
| Done | Cards that are, for all intents and purposes, done with all of the requirements completed. |

##### Dev Workboard

| Lane | Purpose |
|-|-|
| Backlog | This is where cards start on this board. |
| Epics | Contains multiple stories which will take more than one sprint to complete. |
| Stories | Contains multiple tasks relating to one overarching task or functionality. |
| Selected for Development | Cards that been selected for development during the current sprint. |
| In Progress | Any cards that the members are currently in progress on. |
| QA | Cards that are going through the QA process that is appropriate. |
| Done | Cards that are, for all intents and purposes, done with all of the requirements completed. |

> Epics and story cards are kept in *Backlog* until they are selected for development, where they will then reside in the *Epic* or *Stories* lane until all of the requirements have been met. Epics should be comprised of stories, with stories being comprised of different task cards which move from left to right on the board.

##### Infrastructure

| Lane | Purpose |
|-|-|
| Backlog | This is where cards start on this board. |
| Sprint Work | Cards that have been selected for the current sprint. |
| In Progress Dev | Any cards that the members are currently in progress on. |
| Dev | Any cards that are currently awaiting to be pushed to staging from dev. |
| In Progress Staging | Cards that are currently being tested in staging. |
| In Progress Production | Cards that are currently being tested in production. |
| Done - Dev | Cards that are finished with development. |

##### Legal

| Lane | Purpose |
|-|-|
| Issues | This is where cards start on this board. |
| To Do | Cards that have been selected that need to get done in the current sprint. |
| In Progress | Any cards that the members are currently in progress on. |
| Done | Cards that are, for all intents and purposes, done with all of the requirements completed. |

##### Marketing

| Lane | Purpose |
|-|-|
| Ideas | This is where cards start on this board. Generally marketing ideas that need to be talked through and researched more to see how viable it is. |
| Leads | Any cards that have solid leads into how to achieve the goals of the card. |
| To Do | Cards that have been selected that need to get done in the current sprint. |
| In Progress | Any cards that the members are currently in progress on. |
| Done | Cards that are, for all intents and purposes, done with all of the requirements completed. |

##### Services

| Lane | Purpose |
|-|-|
| Backlog | This is where cards start on this board. |
| Sprint Work | Cards that have been selected for the current sprint. |
| In Progress | Any cards that the members are currently in progress on. |
| QA | Cards that are going through the QA process that is appropriate. |
| Done | Cards that are, for all intents and purposes, done with all of the requirements completed. |

##### User Testing

| Lane | Purpose |
|-|-|
| Backlog | This is where cards start on this board. |
| To Do | Cards that have been selected that need to get done in the current sprint. |
| In Progress | Any cards that the members are currently in progress on. |
| Done | Cards that are, for all intents and purposes, done with all of the requirements completed. |

---

### Editing a card

When editing a card, be sure to not make any unnecessary edits to the card. The most common edit that will be made to cards will be in the way of adding comments. These comments can include anything from a normal conversation relating to the card to any issues the members are currently experiencing on the card itself. If that's the case, please provide any additional information, whether it be screenshots, files, etc.

---

### Archiving a card

The time to archive cards are when we've recorded what was completed and what wasn't completed at the Trello grooming. This allows for all cards that are currently on the boards outside of *Backlog* to be associated with the current sprint. Make sure not to actually delete the card and to only archive it.

---

### Improvements

If you see an area that can be improved upon, contact the team members in the specific board and suggest what you think could be improved. If you want to suggest an improvement to the template, contact any of the team leads to talk through the proposed changes.
